Brandon you sold your phone's USB DVR so
that you can't record Xbox demos anymore
what are we going to hate on
don't worry I gotta give you plenty of
things to hate on so I bought the hot
posh Colossus HD video recorder which
actually is a much better thing than the
USB version because instead of being USB
it's pci-e which means it picks the
short little W looking slots and you
have to keep it in the static bag
because I haven't installed it yet but
I've played with it before and it's
great because it has HDMI in it also has
the AVN so that you can still run be a
component and it's got component hours
so that it will run in pass-through mode
just like the old pop on USB DVR did
where you just plug it in line however
you want to plug in HDMI you're going to
need the sub well maybe pronounced stool
I've never actually heard it saying but
I like so well better like emphasizes
house well it is yeah so well HDMI 1 by
2 splitter or 1 by 3 splitter or one of
the other combinations but I'll link to
the 1 by 2 this is a great device just
anyways because it lets you take any one
HDMI and split it out to be 2 HDMI so if
you want to have your projector and your
television plugged into the same home
theater system and you don't want to
have to manage swapping the cables when
you want to switch from watching the
projector to watching the TV this is
great it's also great if you're doing
the home theater PC thing because if
you've got a home theater PC like in my
last setup where the home theater PC
passed through the wall from the
projector system to the television in
the other room
this lets you have two outputs at the
same time and you don't have to use the
softwares duplication which sometimes
causes lag in games you're doing it in
hardware
this also passes HDCP so it's realized
that you don't get those weird you can't
play back your blu-ray thing so the hot
wash comes with the same softwares the
USB version did a couple of
Editions it is still limited to 1080i
and 720p it will not do 1080p and so
there's a couple of limitations but the
most part though shouldn't affect you
for playing your games because I can't
think of any games that actually run at
1080p 60 anyway so you probably be
better at playing 1080i or 720p
depending on the native resolution of
your display so comes with the remote
comes with a crackling of cables comes
with a really nice fairly long component
cable like that's got the five bundled
in one it's pretty heavy duty so that's
a fairly nice cable that's probably
almost worth the price of admission
right there that's probably it Frey is a
twelve dollar cable the Colossus is good
price I don't remember the price but I
didn't think I was getting shafted on it
so I'll post a link to both the hogwash
Colossus on Amazon and the swell HDMI
splitter on Amazon they're both in the
description and this is a pretty great
setup for doing video game captures and
it's one of the few solutions it's going
to let you do it with HDMI so you don't
pick up that component noise and a
couple of other things so generally it's
just going to look playing better so
yeah Colossus from Akash and this is a
well HDMI splitter